# Rust API for ogcapi

This is a sample OpenAPI definition that conforms to the conformance
classes \"Core\", \"GeoJSON\", \"HTML\" and \"OpenAPI 3.0\" of the draft
standard \"OGC API - Features - Part 1: Core\".

This example is a generic OGC API Features definition that uses path
parameters to describe all feature collections and all features.
The generic OpenAPI definition does not provide any details on the
collections or the feature content. This information is only available
from accessing the feature collection resources.

There is [another example](ogcapi-features-1-example2.yaml)
that specifies each collection explicitly.

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 1.0.0
- Build date: 2020-02-22T20:14:00.715Z[GMT]

For more information, please visit [http://example.org/](http://example.org/)

This autogenerated project defines an API crate `ogcapi` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `ogcapi`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `ogcapi`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `ogcapi` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client DescribeCollection
cargo run --example client GetCollections
cargo run --example client GetConformanceDeclaration
cargo run --example client GetLandingPage
cargo run --example client GetFeature
cargo run --example client GetFeatures
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://data.example.org*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**describeCollection**](docs/capabilities_api.md#describeCollection) | **GET** /collections/{collectionId} | describe the feature collection with id `collectionId`
[**getCollections**](docs/capabilities_api.md#getCollections) | **GET** /collections | the feature collections in the dataset
[**getConformanceDeclaration**](docs/capabilities_api.md#getConformanceDeclaration) | **GET** /conformance | information about specifications that this API conforms to
[**getLandingPage**](docs/capabilities_api.md#getLandingPage) | **GET** / | landing page
[**getFeature**](docs/data_api.md#getFeature) | **GET** /collections/{collectionId}/items/{featureId} | fetch a single feature
[**getFeatures**](docs/data_api.md#getFeatures) | **GET** /collections/{collectionId}/items | fetch features


## Documentation For Models

 - [Collection](docs/Collection.md)
 - [Collections](docs/Collections.md)
 - [ConfClasses](docs/ConfClasses.md)
 - [Exception](docs/Exception.md)
 - [Extent](docs/Extent.md)
 - [ExtentSpatial](docs/ExtentSpatial.md)
 - [ExtentTemporal](docs/ExtentTemporal.md)
 - [FeatureCollectionGeoJson](docs/FeatureCollectionGeoJson.md)
 - [FeatureGeoJson](docs/FeatureGeoJson.md)
 - [GeometryGeoJson](docs/GeometryGeoJson.md)
 - [GeometrycollectionGeoJson](docs/GeometrycollectionGeoJson.md)
 - [LandingPage](docs/LandingPage.md)
 - [LinestringGeoJson](docs/LinestringGeoJson.md)
 - [Link](docs/Link.md)
 - [MultilinestringGeoJson](docs/MultilinestringGeoJson.md)
 - [MultipointGeoJson](docs/MultipointGeoJson.md)
 - [MultipolygonGeoJson](docs/MultipolygonGeoJson.md)
 - [NumberMatched](docs/NumberMatched.md)
 - [NumberReturned](docs/NumberReturned.md)
 - [PointGeoJson](docs/PointGeoJson.md)
 - [PolygonGeoJson](docs/PolygonGeoJson.md)
 - [TimeStamp](docs/TimeStamp.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author

info@example.org

